Back to school. Back to school, to prove to Dad that I’m not a fool. I got my lunch packed up, my boots tied tight, I hope I don’t get in a fight. Oh! Back to school… back to school… back to school. Well, here goes nothing.
Back to school
Sometimes I feel like an idiot. But I am an idiot, so it kinda works out.
I am the smartest man alive!
No, I will not make out with you. Did ya hear that? This girl wants to make out with me in the middle of class. You got Chlorophyll Man up there talking about God knows what and all she can talk about is making out with me. I’m here to learn, everybody, not to make out with you. Go on with the Chlorophyll. 
Of course I peed my pants, everyone my age pees their pants. It’s the coolest. Shampoo is better. I go on first and clean the hair. Conditioner is better. I leave the hair silky and smooth. Oh, really, fool? Really.
O’Doyle, I got a feeling your whole family’s going down. But right now, I gotta study.
Stop looking at me, Swan!
I hate cursive and I hate all of you!
Couch. C-o-r- you going to the mall later?
Don’t you say that. Don’t you ever say that. Stay here. Stay as long as you can.
Chlorophyll? More like bore-ophyll.
It’s too damn hot for a penguin to be just walkin’ around here.
Feel those kicks? He’s gonna be a soccer player. He is. He iiii-iissss!
Tallahoo-hoo. Sabadoo.
Hey kids, it’s me! I bet you thought that I was dead! But when I fell over I just broke my leg and got a hemorrhage in my head!
I swear to God I'm sick.
Here's a nice piece of shit
Stop looking at me, swan.
 Billy-Whoa whoa whoa, Miss Lippy. The part of the story I don't like is that the little boy gave up looking for Happy after an hour. He didn't put posters up or anything, he just sat on the porch like a goon and waited. That little boy's gotta think 'You got a pet. You got a responsibility.' If your dog is lost you don't look for an hour then call it quits. You get your ass out there and you find that f***ing dog.
Fuck O'Doyle and fuck you [[name]]!
You know how hard I could beat you [[name]]?
